Time Spent: 110min

Design Report:
We implemented isPermutation by testing a combination of two properties: that two lists have the same number of elements,
and that all elements of one list are element of the other. Together these imply that the two lists have the same elements.

We defined a number of properties for testing:
- reflexivity: a list l1 is a permutation of itself
- reverseability: the reverse of a list l1 is a permutation of l1
- symmetry: if l1 is a permutation of l2, then l2 is also a permutation of l1
- faulty permutation: if l1 and l2 are permutations of each other, and we change one element in l1, it is no longer a permutation of l2

The last property uses a helper function, falsified, to change the first element of a list.
For generating the test, several functions were implemented:
- genSmallNat: Adjusted version of genSmallNat used in the lecture, taking two arguments as the bound of the random Int to be generated.
- makePerm: Takes a list, or initial permutation, and generates a random permutation recursively. It does this by selecting a random element in the list,
    extracting that element from the list by splitting it, then combining the rest back together. The selected element is then appended to the front
    of the permutation of the rest. This approach allows for random permutations to be used in testing.
- genList: Takes one argument n, the number of elements that should be in the list. It first computes a permutation of [1..(n+10)] using makePerm.
    This is then cropped to only n elements. This process allows for a random selection of values within the bounds. 
    10 as the number of additional values was chosen to simply fix a value that would allow for some variation.
- gen_perms: Generates a legnth of the list, we limited it to between 3 and 10 to limit the resource demand during testing.
    It the generates an initial permutation of that length using genList. Then a permutaion of that list is generated and both the initial and permutation are returned.
    This is a very helpful generator for testing, as it generates a pair of lists that are permutations of each other, on which properties can be tested.
- gen_perm: Similar to gen_perms, only that only one initial permutaiton is generated. This is used for testing reflexivity and reversability.


Test Report:
We assume that our helper functions and properties are well defined, and are testing only isPermutation.
For generating the inputs, we used the generators gen_perms and gen_perm.
In these generators, the input space is significantly reduced, as we are only testing integer values, whereas isPermutation is defined for all types.
We are also limiting the length of generated input lists to be at most 10, to keep the tests computationally cheap.
Additionally, in genList, we only excerpts of permutations of [1..(n+10)], so the lists are not filled wit random values.
We are, however, in this manner ensuring that no duplicates occur in the list.
The tests cover different properties that the function must satisfy, whih are independent from each other.
As we are not covering the full input space in our tests, we are also not perfectly testing isPermutation.
We can conclude that for our space of possible generated inputs all properties hold, which gives us reason to believe they will also hold for the rest of the input domain.