Time Spent: ~300min

Design Report:
Throughout this implementation, we used Lecture 3 as reference.
There were two parts to the implementation: show and read.
Show: 
We wanted to show the structure of statements in the prented output,
which required proper indentation management. This is only the case for statements,
where it requires an additional argument of the indentation level.
Expressions, and conditions were implemented recursively using the structures that we have
gotten familiar with, using the symbols +, -, *, ==, <, >, ~, ^, and v 
for addition, subtraction, multiplication, equality, greater than, less than,
negation, conjunction and disjunction respectively.
For statments we use showIndentStatement instead, which takes an integer n.
Assignments do not need indentation and are represented as "var <-- value".
Sequences, are resolved to the individual statments, as there is no further meaning
when shown.
Conditions are indented, with an additional 4 spaces in the then block and the else block.
4 was chosen for no particular reason, simply to create some visual distance.
For while, the indent also applies, and the body is indented additionally as well.
This produces a nice output structure.
Critically, semicolons are used at the end of each assignment, and {} are used to encompass blocks.
Read:
We implemented reading similar to the read in Lecture 3 using a lexer to tokenize the input string.
All possible tokens are encoded, including brackets (both () and {}) as well as key words such as
"if", "then", "else", "do", "while".
The lexer reads a string and recursively assigns tokens to the front of the input, and then processes the rest.
Integers are parsed separately, distinguishing positive and negative numbers.
The word tokens mentioned are separately mapped from their respective strings using wordToken,
and lexWord is used to assign these.
We then implemented a parsing system for these lists of tokens, similar to Lecture3.
Expressions are parsed recursively, distinguishing between the options for the type of expression.
Conditions are parsed starting with disjunctions and conjunctions on the highest level, and then checking
for atomic conditions of all types. Nested brackets are avoided using helpers makeCj and make Dj.
Statements are parsed in three cases: assignments, if and while statements.
For if and while statements we have the additional parsing of the block contents contained within {}.
For this parseBlock unpacks the statements inside, using parse StatementList.
This recursively parses individual statements in a list and combines them.
readStatement is the call to read the statement, using the lexer to generate the list of tokens, and then parsing that 
to a list of statements.
This recursive approach allows for all statements to be read, if proper syntax is applied for which we do need to enforce
the additional rules of using ;, and {} to avoid ambiguity.
Still there is some ambiguity left, as a sequence of a single statement cannot really be distinguished for the single statement itself.
This implementation also allows for easy extensions to read expressions and conditions as well, requiring only one additional function
at either level, lexing the input and calling the respective praser on that level.

Test Report:
For testing, with the time already spent, the design of full recursive generator was ommitted.
Instead, generators from a list of possible variable names, integers, expressions, etc. was chosen.
This was based on a working example testing all symbols and operators which was carried through the design
of these functions. The generation in this fashion does significantly reduce the input domain, however, it is able to demonstrate
general functionality for the operators. It uses a template Statement which is filled in with generated values using QuickCheck.
The main property with is tested both ways is that show and read are indeed inverses of each other.
so that read(show(statement)) == statement. This is the case.